DOCSP-30419: manage search indexes (#709)
mongodb/docs-node: source/fundamentals/indexes.txt

To learn more, see :manual:`Unique Indexes </core/index-unique>`.

Search Indexes
--------------

Atlas Search is a feature that allows you to perform full-text
searches. To learn more, see the :ref:`Atlas Search <fts-top-ref>`
documentation.

Before you can perform a search on an Atlas collection, you must first
create an Atlas Search index on the collection. An Atlas Search
index is a data structure that categorizes data in a searchable format.

> Starting in version 5.7 of the {+driver-short+}, you can manage your
> Search indexes using the following methods: 

Reviewer: I: [using](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/terminology/alphabetical-terms/#u:~:text=word%2C%20username.-,using,-by%20using%20with)

S:

```suggestion
Starting in version 5.7 of the {+driver-short+}, you can use the
following methods to manage your Search indexes:
```

- ``createSearchIndex()``
- ``createSearchIndexes()``
- ``listSearchIndexes()``
- ``updateSearchIndex()``
- ``dropSearchIndex()``

The following sections provide example code using each of the preceding

> methods to manage Search indexes.

Reviewer: S: Maybe a minor thing, but there's no example for `createSearchIndexes()`

Author: there should be -- investigating why the example isnt showing

> Create Search Indexes

Reviewer: S: Change each section title to match the method it's demonstrating. So this one would be "Create a Search Index". Applies to all these sections.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can use the `createSearchIndex()

> <{+api+}/classes/Collection.html#createSearchIndex>`__ and

Reviewer: Q: Intentional that all API links go to 5.6?
